.. title: Workshops
.. slug: workshops
.. date: 2015-12-10 10:09:22 UTC+13:00
.. tags: 
.. category: 
.. link: 
.. description: 
.. type: text

.. contents::

Asian Workshop on Reinforcement Learning (AWRL 2016) 
====================================================

The first Asian Workshop on Reinforcement Learning (AWRL 2016) focuses on both
theoretical models and algorithms of reinforcement learning (RL) and its
practical applications. In the last few years, we have seen the growing
interest in RL of researchers from different research areas and industries. We
invite reinforcement learning researchers and practitioners to participate in
this world-class gathering. We intend to make this an exciting event for
researchers and practitioners in RL worldwide, not only for the presentation of
top quality papers, but also as a forum for the discussion of open problems,
future research directions and application domains of RL. AWRL 2016 will
consist of keynote talks (TBA), contributed paper presentations, discussion
sessions spread over a one-day period.

Reinforcement learning (RL) is an active field of research that deals with the
problem of (single or multiple agents') sequential decision-making in unknown
possibly partially observable domains, whose (potentially non-stationary)
dynamics may be deterministic, stochastic or adversarial. RL's objective is to
develop agents' capability of learning optimal policies in unknown environments
(possibly in face of other coexisting agents) by trial-and-error and with
limited supervision. Recent developments in exploration-exploitation, online
learning, planning, and representation learning are making RL more and more
appealing to real-world applications, with promising results in challenging
domains such as recommendation systems, computer games, or robotics systems. We
would like to create a forum to discuss interesting results both theoretically
and empirically related with RL. The ultimate goal of this workshop is to bring
together diverse viewpoints in the RL area in an attempt to consolidate the
common ground, identify new research directions, and promote the rapid advance
of RL research community.
  
`Workshop homepage <http://www.contrib.andrew.cmu.edu/~paweng/AWRL2016/>`_

